cs340 Group Project Contract
version date: 4/7/2023

	Disclaimer: All project policies are subject to change during the life of the project. Changes to this project must be made during the weekly meeting and with both parties’ consent.
	
	
1. Team:
	Joshua Sears: GitHub Host, Project Document Initializer, Second Reviewer
	Nicholas Critchfield: Weekly Meeting Lead, First Reviewer and Submitter
	
2. Team Name
	"2 Guys 1 Datum"
	
3. Communication Method

	Primary Communication Tool
		Discord - primary method
		@oregonstate.edu - secondary method
		
	Reply Window
		Messages sent on Discord will be responded to by 5pm PST of the following weekday, Monday-Friday. Messages sent on Friday will be responded to by Monday 5PM.
	
	Weekly Meeting(s)
		We will conduct a weekly meeting/check-in Tuesdays at 12pm PST with an optional additional meeting Thursdays at 12pm PST, the need for which will be decided at the Tuesday meeting that week.
		
4. Team Policies

	a. Productivity and Conflict Resolution
		Each member is responsible for coming to the Tuesday meeting with a prepared understanding of that week's module, project needs and deadlines. Work will be discussed at the Tuesday meeting, tasks assigned for the week with expected completion times, as well as tracking/handling any blockers. In the event of a disagreement, a coin toss will determine who will be accountable for that task. All decisions (deliverables, due dates, blockers) will be recorded and pushed to GitHub under the title "work_log."
	
	b. Project Management
		Project files are initially hosted on GitHub @ https://github.com/JoshuaASears/cs340_group_project. Each project member will be able to clone the full project to their local drive at the engr.oregonstate.edu flip server during development.
	
	c. Action plan if a team member...
		
		... is confused about what to do:
			Check-in with teammate for clarification as soon as possible with a message on Discord. Check course materials or other class resources if relevant.
		
		... does not hear back from the other team member within the reply window:
			Follow up with an indication that the response has already exceeded the agreed upon window (1 weekday by 5pm) using a phrase like, "second attempt" or "response past due." At this point an email should be sent to the team members’ @oregonstate.edu including the subject and reminding them to check their Discord messages. If the reply to this is not timely (next weekday), a team member may consult the instructor/TA for advice on the matter.
			Exceptions to this include if a deadline falls within the next-weekday window, in which case a team member may consult the instructor/TA for advice for the sake of the deadline.
		
		... falls behind on their work:
			Workloads will be assigned on Tuesdays and assessed in regular, unscheduled messaging throughout the remainder of the week. Each member is responsible for informing the other of the progress of their work if they are not going to make a deadline.
		
		... thinks they will fall behind because of an upcoming exigent circumstance:
			Each team member is responsible for informing their teammate ASAP with the new projected date of completion. Work may be reassigned, if necessary, but must be agreed upon.
		
		... fails to contribute sufficiently to an assignment:
			If a team member believes that another team member is not sufficiently contributing to the project, the "work_log" document must be consulted before any accusation is made. Work may be rebalanced in the present week, or perhaps a workload shift may be negotiated for the following week.
